Sophie Lev

* What was planned
* What was finished
* What were the main blocker and how they were overcome
* What was not finished, why this happened, how this affects overall project progress
* what is planned next

Week 1
Formed a group, selected group name and project. 
Started thinking of user stories. 
I started learning React for the frontend development component. Need to agree with the teammates on the software tools to use for different project components and approximate division of roles. 

Week 2
Edited and added user stories.
Researched Task Management apps currently available on the market and read reviews comparing different products. Based on that suggested innovations: unassigned tasks open for self-assignment, and maintaining archive of task-related documents. 
Almost completely reworked user flow diagram to improve logic and clarity. Added different scenarios to the diagram and the project document.
Added citations in the APA format to the market research section.

It was difficult to come up with novel features as our app is much more modest in comparison to most task management software products on the market. While we are missing most of the common features, we will have some unique ones.

Week 3
Formulated functions to accompany user stories. User stories are done now.
Did research on different tools to create a webapp, to select what to use for out Task Management app.
Added my findings to the System Architecture part of the proposal.

It was difficult to select the right tools without having experience in using them. More than one tool can be used to perform the required task. How does one choose? It is easier when one has experience.

Week 4
Working on the first UI elements: create and view profile ( with React). 
Researching how to connect the presentation and business layers via HTTP GET, POST methods. 

Week 5
Learning React and creating Sign In, Sign Up, Edit Profile, View Profile and Task Board pages. 
Creating matching endpoints.
Connecting the web server to the backend server API endpoints via the HTTP requests.

The communication between backend and fronend servers works in my environment, but not in my teammates' environment. It took a long time to find a solution which may need to be reconsidered. 

Week 6
Implemented Task Search form in the Task Board page.
Refactored the main endpoint-defining file in the backend.
Created the base version of the Manage Connections page.

The endpoins are not available to connect to. Have to wait for the backend team to catch up.

Week 7
Finalised Connections and People profile pages.
When the Task Search info is transferred to the TaskBoard for display, there is a warning of memory leak. Reimplemented Task Search page as a pop-up in attempt to fix this, but still no luck. 
Fixed minor bugs.

Week 8
Modified Search Task page, tested the app extensively, fixed bugs.

Week 9.
Writing the report.
Preparing makefile for running our app on VM. 
Tesing the app on VM - the image broke my VM (??)

Week 10
Modified completely View Task page into a list.
Created makefile for running our app in Vlab.
Trying to debug pesky memory leak problem.
Writing report.

